fix(xo-server/proxy-console): fallback on TCP if WS not available (#6191)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [VM Console] fix connexion to older hosts. Remove support of http proxy for these hosts PR [#6191](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6191)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VM/Host Console] Fix support of older versions of XCP-ng/XS, please not that HTTP proxies are note supported in that case [#6191](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6191)
```

> - major: if the change breaks compatibility
>
> In case of conflict, the highest (lowest in previous list) `$version` wins.

> - xo-server: patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xo-server patch
```
